# IS2043PROJECT2

This project was a relative success, most of the shell scripts ran just fine, the only script that gave me difficulty was the backup script as the file pathing was different on my computer. I'm quite unfamiliar with bash in general, so it was nice to branch out and experiment with something other than java or c. The process to completing this project was rather straightfoward, just read through the tutorial and copy the given code for each different shell script after experimenting with the commands to get a better grasp on what's really happening during each step.

Code Review: Samuel Myers
I really liked your code, specifically the code blocks involving the if-else statement, the while loop, the for loop, and the until loop. The code was nice, neat, and straight to the point. Another thing that was nice about it was that I noticed that, for the code that defines the script's interpreter as Bash, you changed the path for your own machine, which was great because it means you paid attention and modified the code to fit your needs. Your code was great. I did not notice any errors, and the indentations were clean and appropriately spaced. The only suggestion I would have for improvement would be to include a script for the for loop. The guide from Project 2 did not have us writing a permanent script for the for loop, so I understand why it wasn't included, as I did not include a script for the for loop in my own repository. I have included a for loop script in the modifications I have made to your repository. That is the only improvement I would suggest for your repository-otherwise, it was a job well done. 
